README.md, before:

# Seshat

A tool to extract metrics from agile tools such as Jira (currently only supporting Jira and CSV).
It is heavilly influenced by the work of Troy Magennis (https://www.focusedobjective.com/) 

## Instalation

Requires Python 3.6 or later.

Install Python 3 and the pip package manager. Then run to install required modules:

     $ pip install -r requirements.txt
     
## Configuration

Two configuration files exist, one for configuring logging (log_config.yml) and another for the app configuration (config.yml)

### config.yaml
An example file is provided called config.yml-example.

Copy this file to config.yml and change it according to your needs.

#### Jira passwords

One important note about jira passwords. Jira cloud version no longer support passwords and you need to create an API token instead and then copy&paste it to the password field.
You can find more information about how to create API tokens here:
https://confluence.atlassian.com/cloud/api-tokens-938839638.html

#### oauth

If using oauth authentication you can use the python jira-oauth package to do the oauth dance and get the token and secret:
https://pypi.org/project/jira-oauth/

### log_config.yml

Change this file to your needs. By default it writes to /tmp/seshat.log

## Usage
### Starting
To run the application just type ./seshat.py and after starting access http://localhost:8050/ using your browser of choice

## Trivia
### Why Seshat?
I'm not great with names in one hand and in another I would prefer to have something more interesting than "python agile metrics" or similar. So I looked for a name of a god that would make sense and found this in wikipedia:

     Seshat, under various spellings, was the ancient Egyptian goddess of wisdom, knowledge, and writing. 
     She was seen as a scribe and record keeper, and her name means she who scrivens (i.e. she who is the scribe), 
     and is credited with inventing writing.

Commit message:

Updating information about config files

README.md, after:

# Seshat

A tool to extract metrics from agile tools such as Jira.
Currently the following sources of information are supported:
- Jira
- Trello
- CSV file
It is heavilly influenced by the work of Troy Magennis (https://www.focusedobjective.com/) 

## Instalation

Requires Python 3.6 or later.

Install Python 3 and the pip package manager. Then run to install required modules:

     $ pip install -r requirements.txt
     
## Configuration

Two major configuration files exist, one for configuring logging (log_config.yml) and another for the app main configuration (config.yml)
Also for each project/team a config file needs to be created and stored in the directory configured in config.yml.
Please check conf/ directory with several examples for each case:
- Jira with oauth
- Jira with token
- Trello
- CSV file

### config.yaml
This file provide basic needed information:
config_dir: directory where configuration files for each project are stored
cache_dir: the directory where cache files are stored (needs yet to be implemented)

### log_config.yml

Change this file to your needs. By default it writes to /tmp/seshat.log

### Project configuration files
#### Jira passwords

One important note about jira passwords. Jira cloud version no longer support passwords and you need to create an API token instead and then copy&paste it to the password field.
You can find more information about how to create API tokens here:
https://confluence.atlassian.com/cloud/api-tokens-938839638.html

#### oauth

If using oauth authentication you can use the python jira-oauth package to do the oauth dance and get the token and secret:
https://pypi.org/project/jira-oauth/

### Trello
You need to get a trello API key and secret 
Check here for more information:
https://trello.com/app-key

(in the future oauth support will be provided)

## Usage
### Starting
To run the application just type ./seshat.py and after starting access http://localhost:8050/ using your browser of choice

## Trivia
### Why Seshat?
I'm not great with names in one hand and in another I would prefer to have something more interesting than "python agile metrics" or similar. So I looked for a name of a god that would make sense and found this in wikipedia:

     Seshat, under various spellings, was the ancient Egyptian goddess of wisdom, knowledge, and writing. 
     She was seen as a scribe and record keeper, and her name means she who scrivens (i.e. she who is the scribe), 
     and is credited with inventing writing.
